PhysX.Settings.Project;PhysX Project Settings
Physics;Physics
Joints;Joints
Shapes;Shapes
ezPxCenterOfMassComponent;Center of Mass
ezPxCharacterControllerComponent;Character Controller
ezPxCharacterProxyComponent;Character Proxy
ezPxDynamicActorComponent;Dynamic Actor
ezPxStaticActorComponent;Static Actor
ezPxDistanceJointComponent;Distance Joint
ezPxFixedJointComponent;Fixed Joint
ezPxShapeBoxComponent;Box Shape
ezPxShapeSphereComponent;Sphere Shape
ezPxShapeCapsuleComponent;Capsule Shape
ezPxShapeConvexComponent;Convex Mesh Shape
ezPxSettingsComponent;PhysX Settings
ezPhysXComponent;PhysX Component
ezPxActorComponent;PhysX Actor
ezCollisionMeshType::ConvexHull;Convex Hull
ezCollisionMeshType::TriangleMesh;Triangle Mesh
ezCollisionMeshType::Cylinder;Cylinder
ezPxSteppingMode::Variable;Variable
ezPxSteppingMode::Fixed;Fixed
ezPxSteppingMode::SemiFixed;SemiFixed
ezPxTriggerComponent;Trigger
ezPxRaycastInteractComponent;Raycast Interaction
ezPxVisColMeshComponent;Collision Mesh Visualization
CollisionMeshImport.TriangleMesh;Triangle Collision Mesh
CollisionMeshImport.ConvexMesh;Convex Collision Mesh
ezBreakableSheetComponent;Breakable Sheet